Instructions: Answer the following questions either in writing (you'll upload a .txt file) or by video. Feel free to refresh your memory of concepts by
going back into the challenges from the week.

No need to stress if you aren't an eloquent writer -- feel free to keep your answers short, as long as they're in your own words.
We're looking for understanding, not judging your creative writing skills.

    Briefly describe your understanding of what the browser does, including definitions of the following:
        client. browsers run in the client, do all processing on that session. uses html/css/javascript to manipulate data/text/images/video/audio for the user.
        server. where all the processing takes place, databases and more. there are a number of languages that can access databases in a server.  they have their
        own frameworks.
        render. presents gathered data to the user, via javascript or html.
    What is HTML? In your answer, include definitions of the following:
        HTML is a markup language.  So that humans can read the text in a normal fashion.  It has been changing over time. Now, we are in the HTML5 version
        tag. these are codes that tell the browser what to do with the text/images/sound/videos. <h1>H1 means heading 1, which is the biggest size</h1>
        element. define sections of a html file. heading, body, spacing and a lot more.
        node. is a where the processing takes place. a laptop or server or ipad, a device.
        attribute. tell HTML more information about the item at hand.  for instance, <p> says that i'm about to start a paragraphs </p> that is how you end it.
        block element. kind of a container of commands for a specific area.
        inline element.  these are commands that can be inserted in the same line, overriding or enhancing the block commands.
    Very briefly, explain the purpose of the following elements:
        head. it is the first part of the html file. has information describing the data inside of it. metadata like.
        body. where the main parts of the html file are.  everything happens inside the body section.
        p. tell the browser that a paragraph is to be displayed
        form. is where users type input, such as user id/passwords among many user uses.  the user has to do something in a form. it is not for display only.
        div. is a grouping of elements, a section.
        span. is used to styling purpose, in the same line.
        select. creates a drop-down list of items for user to select.
        h2.  2nd heading in size after h1.
        ol. is a list which is in order, numerical.
        ul. is a list with no numbers but bullets. 
        table
        tr
        td
